
# Subset: optional


Subset of properties that are considered to be optional.

URI: [GHGA:optional](https://w3id.org/GHGA/optional)


### Classes


### Mixins


### Slots

 * [abstract](abstract.md) - The study abstract that describes the goals.  Can also hold abstract from a publication related to this study
 * [analysis process➞has agent](analysis_process_has_agent.md) - The Agent - a software, institution, or human - that is executing or responsible for executing the workflow.
 * [analysis process➞has output](analysis_process_has_output.md) - The output data File entities generated by the Analysis Process.
 * [analysis➞has output](analysis_has_output.md) - The output data File entities generated by this Analysis.
 * [biological replicates](biological_replicates.md) - A biological replicate is a replicate role that consists of independent biological replicates made from different individual biosamples.
 * [dataset➞has publication](dataset_has_publication.md) - One or more Publication entities associated with this Dataset.
 * [experiment process➞has agent](experiment_process_has_agent.md) - The Agent - a software, institution, or human - that is executing or responsible for executing the Experiment Process.
 * [experiment process➞has output](experiment_process_has_output.md) - The output of this Experiment Process. Usually a File entity.
 * [experimental replicates](experimental_replicates.md) - The replicate number of the assay, i.e. the numeric iteration for the assay that was repeated.
 * [geographical region](geographical_region.md) - The geographical region where the Individual is located. Any demarcated area of the Earth; may be determined by both natural and human boundaries.
 * [has agent](has_agent.md) - A person or an entity that is performing a Planned Process entity.
 * [has ancestry](has_ancestry.md) - A person's descent or lineage, from a person or from a population. Typically this is a value from HANCESTRO (Human Ancestry Ontology).
 * [has attribute](has_attribute.md) - Key/value pairs corresponding to an entity.
 * [has biospecimen](has_biospecimen.md) - The biospecimen associated with an entity.
 * [has children](has_children.md) - The children of an entity.
 * [has output](has_output.md) - The output of a Planned Process entity.
 * [has parent](has_parent.md) - The parent of an entity.
 * [has project](has_project.md) - The project associated with an entity.
 * [has publication](has_publication.md) - The Publication associated with an entity.
 * [individual➞has children](individual_has_children.md) - One or more children for this Individual.
 * [individual➞has parent](individual_has_parent.md) - One or more parent for this Individual.
 * [karyotype](karyotype.md) - The karyotype of an individual if defined.
 * [library preparation protocol➞has attribute](library_preparation_protocol_has_attribute.md) - One or more attributes that further characterizes this Library Preparation Protocol.
 * [named thing➞xref](named_thing_xref.md) - Holds one or more database cross references for an entity.
 * [project➞has attribute](project_has_attribute.md) - Custom attributes for the Project  (eg: Cancer - Colon cancer, prostrate cancer, blood cancer etc)
 * [project➞has publication](project_has_publication.md) - One or more Publication entities associated with this Project.
 * [protocol➞has attribute](protocol_has_attribute.md) - One or more attributes that further characterizes this Protocol.
 * [protocol➞xref](protocol_xref.md) - One or more cross-references for this Protocol.  (Eg: manufacturer protocol, protocol from publication etc )
 * [publication➞abstract](publication_abstract.md) - The study abstract that describes the goals. Can also hold abstract from a publication related to this study.
 * [publication➞xref](publication_xref.md) - One or more cross-references for this Publication.
 * [sample➞has biospecimen](sample_has_biospecimen.md) - The Biospecimen from which this Sample was prepared from.
 * [sample➞xref](sample_xref.md) - One or more cross-references for this Sample. For example, this Sample may have an EBI BioSamples accession or an EGA Sample accession.
 * [sequencing protocol➞has attribute](sequencing_protocol_has_attribute.md) - One or more attributes that further characterizes this Sequencing Protocol.
 * [study➞has attribute](study_has_attribute.md) - Custom key/value pairs that further characterizes the Study. (e.g.: approaches - single-cell, bulk etc)
 * [study➞has project](study_has_project.md) - The project associated with this Study.
 * [study➞has publication](study_has_publication.md) - One or more Publication entities associated with this Study.
 * [submission➞has biospecimen](submission_has_biospecimen.md) - Information about one or more Biospecimen entities associated with this submission.
 * [submission➞has project](submission_has_project.md) - Information about a Project entity associated with this submission.
 * [submission➞has publication](submission_has_publication.md) - One or more Publication entities associated with this Submission.
 * [technical replicates](technical_replicates.md) - A technical replicate is a replicate role where the same BioSample is use e.g. the same pool of RNA used to assess technical (as opposed to biological) variation within an experiment.
 * [xref](xref.md) - Database cross references for an entity.

### Types


### Enums

