
# Subset: restricted


Subset of properties that are considered to be restricted.

URI: [GHGA:restricted](https://w3id.org/GHGA/restricted)


### Classes


### Mixins


### Slots

 * [additional name](additional_name.md) - Additional name(s).
 * [age](age.md) - Age of an individual.
 * [alias](alias.md) - The alias for an entity.
 * [analysis process➞has agent](analysis_process_has_agent.md) - The Agent - a software, institution, or human - that is executing or responsible for executing the workflow.
 * [analysis process➞has input](analysis_process_has_input.md) - The input data File entities used in the Analysis Process.
 * [analysis process➞has output](analysis_process_has_output.md) - The output data File entities generated by the Analysis Process.
 * [analysis➞alias](analysis_alias.md) - An alias uniquely identifying this Analysis entitiy.
 * [analysis➞has input](analysis_has_input.md) - The input data File entities used in the Analysis.
 * [analysis➞has output](analysis_has_output.md) - The output data File entities generated by this Analysis.
 * [biospecimen➞alias](biospecimen_alias.md) - The alias for an entity.
 * [biospecimen➞has individual](biospecimen_has_individual.md) - The Individual entity from which this Biospecimen was derived.
 * [cohort➞has individual](cohort_has_individual.md) - One or more Individuals that collectively define this Cohort.
 * [data access committee➞alias](data_access_committee_alias.md) - The alias for an entity.
 * [data access committee➞main contact](data_access_committee_main_contact.md) - The main contact for the Data Access Committee.
 * [data access policy➞alias](data_access_policy_alias.md) - The alias for an entity.
 * [data access policy➞has data access committee](data_access_policy_has_data_access_committee.md) - The Data Access Committee linked to this policy.
 * [data access policy➞has data use condition](data_access_policy_has_data_use_condition.md) - Data Use Condition entities that are associated with the Data Access Policy.
 * [data access policy➞policy text](data_access_policy_policy_text.md) - The terms of data use and policy verbiage should be captured here.
 * [data access policy➞policy url](data_access_policy_policy_url.md) - URL for the policy, if available. This is useful if the terms of the policy is made available online at a resolvable URL.
 * [data use condition➞has data use modifier](data_use_condition_has_data_use_modifier.md) - Modifier for Data use permission associated with a policy. Should be descendants of 'DUO:0000017 data use modifier'
 * [data use condition➞has data use permission](data_use_condition_has_data_use_permission.md) - Data use permission associated with a policy. Typically one or more terms from DUO and should be descendants of 'DUO:0000001 data use permission'.
 * [dataset➞alias](dataset_alias.md) - The alias for an entity.
 * [dataset➞has analysis](dataset_has_analysis.md) - One or more Analysis entities that are referenced by this Dataset.
 * [dataset➞has data access policy](dataset_has_data_access_policy.md) - The Data Access Policy that applies to this Dataset.
 * [dataset➞has experiment](dataset_has_experiment.md) - One or more Experiment entities that are referenced by this Dataset.
 * [dataset➞has file](dataset_has_file.md) - One or more File entities that collectively are part of this Dataset.
 * [dataset➞has sample](dataset_has_sample.md) - One or more Sample entities that are referenced by this Dataset.
 * [experiment process➞has agent](experiment_process_has_agent.md) - The Agent - a software, institution, or human - that is executing or responsible for executing the Experiment Process.
 * [experiment process➞has input](experiment_process_has_input.md) - The input to the Experiment Process. Usually a Sample entity.
 * [experiment process➞has output](experiment_process_has_output.md) - The output of this Experiment Process. Usually a File entity.
 * [experiment process➞has protocol](experiment_process_has_protocol.md) - The Protocol entity used by this Experiment Process.
 * [experiment➞alias](experiment_alias.md) - The alias for an entity.
 * [experiment➞has experiment process](experiment_has_experiment_process.md) - One or more Experiment Processes entities associated with this Experiment.
 * [experiment➞has file](experiment_has_file.md) - One or more Files entities that are generated as output of this Experiment.
 * [experiment➞has protocol](experiment_has_protocol.md) - One or more Protocol entities associated with this Experiment.
 * [experiment➞has sample](experiment_has_sample.md) - The Sample entity associated with this Experiment.
 * [family name](family_name.md) - Last name.
 * [family➞has individual](family_has_individual.md) - One or more Individuals that collectively define this Family.
 * [file➞alias](file_alias.md) - The alias for an entity.
 * [geographical region](geographical_region.md) - The geographical region where the Individual is located. Any demarcated area of the Earth; may be determined by both natural and human boundaries.
 * [given name](given_name.md) - First name.
 * [has agent](has_agent.md) - A person or an entity that is performing a Planned Process entity.
 * [has analysis](has_analysis.md) - The analysis associated with an entity.
 * [has ancestry](has_ancestry.md) - A person's descent or lineage, from a person or from a population. Typically this is a value from HANCESTRO (Human Ancestry Ontology).
 * [has attribute](has_attribute.md) - Key/value pairs corresponding to an entity.
 * [has biospecimen](has_biospecimen.md) - The biospecimen associated with an entity.
 * [has children](has_children.md) - The children of an entity.
 * [has data access committee](has_data_access_committee.md) - Data Access Committee associated with an entity.
 * [has data access policy](has_data_access_policy.md) - Data Access Policy associated with an entity.
 * [has data use condition](has_data_use_condition.md) - Data Use Condition entities that are associated with an entity.
 * [has data use modifier](has_data_use_modifier.md) - Modifier for Data use permission associated with an entity. Should be descendants of 'DUO:0000017 data use modifier'
 * [has data use permission](has_data_use_permission.md) - Data use permission associated with an entity. Typically one or more terms from DUO. Should be descendants of 'DUO:0000001 data use permission'.
 * [has experiment](has_experiment.md) - The experiment associated with an entity.
 * [has experiment process](has_experiment_process.md)
 * [has file](has_file.md) - The file associated with an entity.
 * [has individual](has_individual.md) - The subject/individual associated with an entity.
 * [has input](has_input.md) - The input to a Planned Process.
 * [has output](has_output.md) - The output of a Planned Process entity.
 * [has parent](has_parent.md) - The parent of an entity.
 * [has phenotypic feature](has_phenotypic_feature.md) - Phenotypic feature concept that the entity is associated with.
 * [has protocol](has_protocol.md) - The protocol associated with an entity.
 * [has sample](has_sample.md) - The sample associated with an entity.
 * [id](id.md) - An identifier that uniquely represents an entity.
 * [individual➞age](individual_age.md)
 * [individual➞alias](individual_alias.md) - The alias for an entity.
 * [individual➞has children](individual_has_children.md) - One or more children for this Individual.
 * [individual➞has file](individual_has_file.md) - Additional/supplementary files associated with an Individual. Typically, a phenopacket or pedigree file.
 * [individual➞has parent](individual_has_parent.md) - One or more parent for this Individual.
 * [individual➞has phenotypic feature](individual_has_phenotypic_feature.md) - The Phenotypic Feature entity that is associated with this Biospecimen at the time of retrieval from the organism. Typically, a concept from Human Phenotype Ontology. For example, 'HP:0100244' indicates that the Individual - from which the Biospecimen was extracted from - exhibits 'Fibrosarcoma' as one of its phenotype.
 * [individual➞sex](individual_sex.md)
 * [individual➞vital status](individual_vital_status.md) - Last known Vital Status of an Individual.
 * [karyotype](karyotype.md) - The karyotype of an individual if defined.
 * [library preparation protocol➞alias](library_preparation_protocol_alias.md)
 * [library preparation protocol➞has attribute](library_preparation_protocol_has_attribute.md) - One or more attributes that further characterizes this Library Preparation Protocol.
 * [main contact](main_contact.md) - The person who is the main contact for a committee.
 * [named thing➞alias](named_thing_alias.md) - The alias (alternate identifier) for an entity.
 * [named thing➞id](named_thing_id.md) - The internal unique identifier for an entity.
 * [policy text](policy_text.md) - The complete text for the Data Access Policy.
 * [policy url](policy_url.md) - Alternative to pasting the Data Access Policy text.
 * [project➞alias](project_alias.md) - The alias for an entity.
 * [project➞has attribute](project_has_attribute.md) - Custom attributes for the Project  (eg: Cancer - Colon cancer, prostrate cancer, blood cancer etc)
 * [protocol➞alias](protocol_alias.md) - The alias for an entity.
 * [protocol➞has attribute](protocol_has_attribute.md) - One or more attributes that further characterizes this Protocol.
 * [protocol➞has file](protocol_has_file.md) - A document that describes the Protocol.
 * [publication➞alias](publication_alias.md) - The alias for an entity.
 * [publication➞id](publication_id.md) - An identifier that uniquely represents an entity.
 * [sample➞alias](sample_alias.md) - The alias for an entity.
 * [sample➞has biospecimen](sample_has_biospecimen.md) - The Biospecimen from which this Sample was prepared from.
 * [sample➞has individual](sample_has_individual.md) - The Individual from which this Sample was derived from.
 * [sequencing protocol➞alias](sequencing_protocol_alias.md)
 * [sequencing protocol➞has attribute](sequencing_protocol_has_attribute.md) - One or more attributes that further characterizes this Sequencing Protocol.
 * [sex](sex.md) - The assemblage of physical properties or qualities by which male is distinguished from female; the physical difference between male and female; the distinguishing peculiarity of male or female.
 * [study➞alias](study_alias.md) - The alias for an entity.
 * [study➞has attribute](study_has_attribute.md) - Custom key/value pairs that further characterizes the Study. (e.g.: approaches - single-cell, bulk etc)
 * [study➞has file](study_has_file.md) - Additional/supplementary files associated with a Study.
 * [submission➞has analysis](submission_has_analysis.md) - Information about one or more Analysis entities associated with this submission.
 * [submission➞has biospecimen](submission_has_biospecimen.md) - Information about one or more Biospecimen entities associated with this submission.
 * [submission➞has data access committee](submission_has_data_access_committee.md) - The Data Access Committee that applies to Dataset in this submission.
 * [submission➞has data access policy](submission_has_data_access_policy.md) - The Data Access Policy that applies to Dataset in this submission.
 * [submission➞has experiment](submission_has_experiment.md) - Information about one or more Experiment entities associated with this submission.
 * [submission➞has file](submission_has_file.md) - Information about one or more File entities associated with this submission.
 * [submission➞has individual](submission_has_individual.md) - Information about one or more Individual entities associated with this submission.
 * [submission➞has protocol](submission_has_protocol.md) - One or more Protocol entities associated with this Submission.
 * [submission➞has sample](submission_has_sample.md) - Information about one or more Sample entities associated with this submission.
 * [submission➞id](submission_id.md) - A internal unique identifier for the Submission.
 * [vital status](vital_status.md) - The state or condition of being living or deceased; also includes the case where the vital status is unknown.
 * [workflow➞alias](workflow_alias.md) - The alias for an entity.

### Types


### Enums

